2008-03-25  Pavol Šimo <palo.simo@gmail.com> (via palos@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/sk.po: Slovak translation updated for Beta

2008-03-24  Diego Búrigo Zacarão <diegobz@gmail.com> (via
diegobz@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/pt_BR.po: Fedora 9 Beta's updates

2008-03-21  Diego Búrigo Zacarão <diegobz@gmail.com> (via
diegobz@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/pt_BR.po: Minors type fixes

2008-03-21  Johan Cwiklinski <johan@x-tnd.be> (via trasher@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/fr.po: Updated French translation

2008-03-19  Wei Liu <lliu@redhat.com> (via leahliu@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/zh_CN.po: update fedora-web.master.zh_CN.po

2008-03-12  Mostafa Daneshvar <mostafa@daneshvar.org.uk> (via
lashar@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/bal.po: Fix Errors in Balochi Translation 

2008-03-11  Ricky Zhou (周家杰) <ricky.zhou@gmail.com> (via
ricky@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/bal.po: Try to commit Mostafa Daneshvar's bal translation again...

2008-03-11  Ricky Zhou (周家杰) <ricky.zhou@gmail.com> (via
ricky@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/bal.po: Commit Mostafa Daneshvar's bal translation

2008-03-11  Mostafa Daneshvar <mostafa@daneshvar.org.uk> (via
lashar@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/bal.po: Complete Balochi 

2008-03-09  Francesco Tombolini <tombo@adamantio.net> (via
tombo@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/it.po: lang it - fixed some fuzzies

2008-03-08  Mostafa Daneshvar <mostafa@daneshvar.org.uk> (via
lashar@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/LINGUAS: add Balochi

2008-03-08  Mostafa Daneshvar <mostafa@daneshvar.org.uk> (via
lashar@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/bal.po: Balochi

2008-03-05  Silvio Pierro <perplesso82@gmail.com> (via
perplex@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/it.po: Fix error Italian translation

2008-02-29  Paľo Šimo <palo.simo@gmail.com> (via palos@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/sk.po: Updated Slovak translation

2008-02-17  Domingo Becker <domingobecker@gmail.com> (via
beckerde@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/es.po: updated spanish translation

2008-02-16  Igor Miletic <grejigl-gnomeprevod@yahoo.ca> (via
soko@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/sr.po: Updates and small grammar fixes for sr.po

2008-02-13  Dimitris Glezos <dimitris@glezos.com> (via glezos@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/el.po: Updated Greek translation

2008-02-12  Diego Búrigo Zacarão <diegobz@gmail.com> (via
diegobz@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/pt_BR.po: Uptaded!

2008-02-11  Piotr Drąg <piotrdrag@gmail.com> (via raven@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/pl.po: Updated Polish translation

2008-02-10  Silvio Pierro <perplesso82@gmail.com> (via
perplex@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/it.po: 

2008-02-09  Fabian Affolter <fabian@bernewireless.net> (via
fab@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/de.po: Minor changes German translation

2008-02-06  Fabian Affolter <fabian@bernewireless.net> (via
fab@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/de.po: Updated German translation

2008-02-05  Silvio Pierro <perplesso82@gmail.com> (via
perplex@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/it.po: update Italian translation

2008-02-01  Frederico Tiago Tavares Madeira <fred@madeira.eng.br> (via
fmadeira@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/pt_BR.po: Finished Brazilian Portuguese translation

2008-01-29  Fabian Affolter <fabian@bernewireless.net> (via
fab@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/de.po: Updated German translation

2008-01-24  Frederico Tiago Tavares Madeira <fred@madeira.eng.br> (via
fmadeira@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/pt_BR.po: Updated Brazilian Portuguese translation

2008-01-19  Piotr Drąg <raven@pmail.pl> (via raven@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/pl.po: Updated Polish translation

2008-01-18  Ricky Zhou (周家杰) <ricky.zhou@gmail.com> (via
ricky@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/LINGUAS: Label enabled languages.

2008-01-11  Igor Miletic <grejigl-gnomeprevod@yahoo.ca> (via
soko@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/sr.po: Updated Serbian translation

2008-01-07  Lubomir Kundrak <lkundrak@redhat.com> (via
lkundrak@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/sk.po: Added a couple of new strings; Added one t' character that got
lost due to some wild conversion.

2007-12-30  Andrew Martynov <andrewm@inventa.ru> (via
andrmart@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/ru.po: corrected typo and update new strings for Russian translation

2007-12-23  Dimitris Glezos <dimitris@glezos.com> (via glezos@fedoraproject.org)

  * po/el.po: Updated Greek translation

